#Serialization:

its a process of converting complex data structures mainly objects and their feilds.
into a 'flatter' format. for making it easy for data transfer.

note: seralized data is sent and recived in form of `sequential stream of bytes!`

#Deserialization:
it's just restoring the fully functional replica of the object from the recived stream of bytes!

programming languages provides native support for Serialization. some prefer {binary format} and some prefer {string format!}


note:
```
to prevent any specific/private feild of any object getting seralized you need a mark declairation
"transient" in the class declaration
```

# Insecure Deserialization:
this is the case when user-controlled data is getting Deserialized by the website.

this enables an attcker to manipulate the serialized object and make website deserialize the attacker
desired object into the vuln webapplication.

note: here an attacker can replace a serialized object with an object of an entirely different class.
that's why this vuln is also k/a `object injection!`


#PHP serialization format:
eg- here user is an object:
```
 $user->name = "carlos";
$user->isLoggedIn = true;
```
> When serialized, this object may look something like this:

`O:4:"User":2:{s:4:"name":s:6:"carlos"; s:10:"isLoggedIn":b:1;}`

note: in php there are pre-defined method for Serialization and Deserialization {i.e: serialize() and unserialize()}

for bug hunting always look for the method used for Deserialization(which is unserialize() )

# java serialization:
it uses binary format for Serialization:

> how to look for java serialized objects in the wild:
- ac ed => hexdecimal
- rO0 => b64

for white-box testing: look for [java.io.Serializable] this is used for serialization and Deserialization.

and look for `readObject()` this is used by java to `read and deserialize` data from input-stream!

administrator


#Magic Methods: surrounded by 2 underscores...!

magic methods are special methods that are called automatically when certain conditions are met.

There are several magic methods in  PHP. Every magic method follows certain rules –

-   Every magic method starts with a double underscore (  __ ).

-   They are predefined and neither can be created nor removed.

-   Magic methods have reserved names and their name should not be used for other purposes.

-   Magic methods are automatically called when certain criteria are met.


Method Names	Return types	Condition of calling
__construct()	NaN             This method gets called automatically every time the object
                                of a particular class is created.

The function of this magic method is the same as the constructor in any OOP language.
__destruct()	NaN

As the name suggests this method is called when the object is destroyed and no longer in use.

Generally at the end of the program and end of the function.
