1) In which of the following, a person is constantly followed/chased by another person or group of several peoples?

 -  [ ] Phishing

 -  [ ] Bulling

 -  [ ] Stalking

 -  [ ] Identity theft

2) Which one of the following can be considered as the class of computer threats?

-  [ ]  Dos Attack

 -  [ ] Phishing

 -  [ ] Soliciting

 -  [ ] Both A and C

3) Which of the following is considered as the unsolicited commercial email?

 -  [ ] Virus

 -  [ ] Malware

 -  [ ] Spam

 -  [ ] All of the above

4) Which of the following usually observe each activity on the internet of the victim, gather all information in the background, and send it to someone else?

-  [ ]  Malware

-  [ ]  Spyware

-  [ ]  Adware

-  [ ]  All of the above

5) _______ is a type of software designed to help the user's computer detect viruses and avoid them.

-  [ ]  Malware

-  [ ]  Adware

-  [ ]  Antivirus

-  [ ]  Both B and C

6) Which one of the following is a type of antivirus program?

-  [ ] Quick heal

-  [ ]  Mcafee

-  [ ]  Kaspersky

-  [ ]  All of the above

7) It can be a software program or a hardware device that filters all data packets coming through the internet, a network, etc. it is known as the_______:

-  [ ]  Antivirus

-  [ ]  Firewall

-  [ ] Cookies

-  [ ]  Malware

8) Which of the following refers to stealing one's idea or invention of others and use it for their own benefits?

-  [ ]  Piracy

-  [ ]  Plagiarism

-  [ ]  Intellectual property rights

-  [ ]  All of the above

9) Read the following statement carefully and find out whether it is correct about the hacking or not?

It can be possible that in some cases, hacking a computer or network can be legal.

-  [ ]  No, in any situation, hacking cannot be legal

-  [ ]  It may be possible that in some cases, it can be referred to as a legal task

10) Which of the following refers to exploring the appropriate, ethical behaviors related to the online environment and digital media platform?

-  [ ]  Cyber low

-  [ ]  Cyberethics

-  [ ]  Cybersecurity

-  [ ]  Cybersafety

11) Which of the following refers to the violation of the principle if a computer is no more accessible?

-  [ ]  Access control

-  [ ]  Confidentiality

-  [ ]  Availability

-  [ ]  All of the above

12) Which one of the following refers to the technique used for verifying the integrity of the message?

-  [ ]  Digital signature

-  [ ]  Decryption algorithm

-  [ ]  Protocol

-  [ ]  Message Digest

13) Which one of the following usually used in the process of Wi-Fi-hacking?

-  [ ]  Aircrack-ng

-  [ ]  Wireshark

-  [ ]  Norton

-  [ ]  All of the above

14) Which of the following port and IP address scanner famous among the users?

-  [ ]  Cain and Abel

-  [ ]  Angry IP Scanner

-  [ ]  Snort

-  [ ]  Ettercap

15) In ethical hacking and cyber security, there are _______ types of scanning:

 -  [ ] 1

 -  [ ] 2

 -  [ ] 3

 -  [ ] 4

16) Which of the following is not a type of scanning?

 -  [ ] Xmas Tree Scan

 -  [ ] Cloud scan

 -  [ ] Null Scan

 -  [ ] SYN Stealth

17) In system hacking, which of the following is the most crucial activity?

 -  [ ] Information gathering

 -  [ ] Covering tracks

 -  [ ] Cracking passwords

 -  [ ] None of the above

18) Which of the following are the types of scanning?

 -  [ ] Network, vulnerability, and port scanning

 -  [ ] Port, network, and services

 -  [ ] Client, Server, and network

 -  [ ] None of the above

19) Which one of the following is actually considered as the first computer virus?

 -  [ ] Sasser

 -  [ ] Blaster

 -  [ ] Creeper

 -  [ ] Both A and C

20) To protect the computer system against the hacker and different kind of viruses, one must always keep _________ on in the computer system.

 -  [ ] Antivirus

 -  [ ] Firewall

 -  [ ] Vlc player

 -  [ ] Script

21) Code Red is a type of ________

 -  [ ] An Antivirus Program

 -  [ ] A photo editing software

 -  [ ] A computer virus

 -  [ ] A video editing software

22) Which of the following can be considered as the elements of cyber security?

 -  [ ] Application Security

 -  [ ] Operational Security

 -  [ ] Network Security

 -  [ ] All of the above

23) Which of the following are famous and common cyber-attacks used by hackers to infiltrate the user's system?

 -  [ ] DDos and Derive-by Downloads

 -  [ ] Malware & Malvertising

 -  [ ] Phishing and Password attacks

 -  [ ] All of the above

24) Which one of the following is also referred to as malicious software?

 -  [ ] Maliciousware

 -  [ ] Badware

 -  [ ] Ilegalware

 -  [ ] Malware

25) Hackers usually used the computer virus for ______ purpose.

 -  [ ] To log, monitor each and every user's stroke

 -  [ ] To gain access the sensitive information like user's Id and Passwords

 -  [ ] To corrupt the user's data stored in the computer system

 -  [ ] All of the above

26) In Wi-Fi Security, which of the following protocol is more used?

 -  [ ] WPA

 -  [ ] WPA2

 -  [ ] WPS

 -  [ ] Both A and C

27) The term "TCP/IP" stands for_____

 -  [ ] Transmission Contribution protocol/ internet protocol

 -  [ ] Transmission Control Protocol/ internet protocol

 -  [ ] Transaction Control protocol/ internet protocol

 -  [ ] Transmission Control Protocol/ internet protocol

28) The response time and transit time is used to measure the ____________ of a network.

 -  [ ] Security

 -  [ ] Longevity

 -  [ ] Reliability

 -  [ ] Performance

29) Which of the following factor of the network gets hugely impacted when the number of users exceeds the network's limit?

 -  [ ] Reliability

 -  [ ] Performance

 -  [ ] Security

 -  [ ] Longevity

30) In the computer networks, the encryption techniques are primarily used for improving the ________

 -  [ ] Security

 -  [ ] Performance

 -  [ ] Reliability

 -  [ ] Longevity

31) Which of the following statements is correct about the firewall?

 -  [ ] It is a device installed at the boundary of a company to prevent unauthorized physical access.

 -  [ ] It is a device installed at the boundary of an incorporate to protect it against the unauthorized access.

 -  [ ] It is a kind of wall built to prevent files form damaging the corporate.

 -  [ ] None of the above.

32) When was the first computer virus created?

 -  [ ] 1970

 -  [ ] 1971

 -  [ ] 1972

 -  [ ] 1969

33) Which of the following is considered as the world's first antivirus program?

 -  [ ] Creeper

 -  [ ] Reaper

 -  [ ] Tinkered

 -  [ ] Ray Tomlinson

34) Which one of the following principles of cyber security refers that the security mechanism must be as small and simple as possible?

 -  [ ] Open-Design

 -  [ ] Economy of the Mechanism

 -  [ ] Least privilege

 -  [ ] Fail-safe Defaults

35) Which of the following principle of cyber security restricts how privileges are initiated whenever any object or subject is created?

 -  [ ] Least privilege

 -  [ ] Open-Design

 -  [ ] Fail-safe Defaults

 -  [ ] None of the above

36) Suppose an employee demands the root access to a UNIX system, where you are the administrator; that right or access should not be given to the employee unless that employee has work that requires certain rights, privileges. It can be considered as a perfect example of which principle of cyber security?

 -  [ ] Least privileges

 -  [ ] Open Design

 -  [ ] Separation of Privileges

 -  [ ] Both A & C

37) Which of the following can also consider as the instances of Open Design?

 -  [ ] CSS

 -  [ ] DVD Player

 -  [ ] Only A

 -  [ ] Both A and B

38) Which one of the following principles states that sometimes it is become more desirable to rescored the details of intrusion that to adopt more efficient measure to avoid it?

 -  [ ] Least common mechanism

 -  [ ] Compromise recording

 -  [ ] Psychological acceptability

 -  [ ] Work factor

39) The web application like banking websites should ask its users to log-in again after some specific period of time, let say 30 min. It can be considered as an example of which cybersecurity principle?

 -  [ ] Compromise recording

 -  [ ] Psychological acceptability

 -  [ ] Complete mediation

 -  [ ] None of the above

40) Which one of the following statements is correct about Email security in the network security methods?

 -  [ ] One has to deploy hardware, software, and security procedures to lock those apps down.

 -  [ ] One should know about what the normal behavior of a network look likes so that he/she can spot any changes, breaches in the behavior of the network.

 -  [ ] Phishing is one of the most commonly used methods that are used by hackers to gain access to the network

 -  [ ] All of the above

41) Which of the following statements is true about the VPN in Network security?

 -  [ ] It is a type of device that helps to ensure that communication between a device and a network is secure.

 -  [ ] It is usually based on the IPsec( IP Security) or SSL (Secure Sockets Layer)

 -  [ ] It typically creates a secure, encrypted virtual "tunnel" over the open internet

 -  [ ] All of the above

42) Which of the following type of text is transformed with the help of a cipher algorithm?

 -  [ ] Transformed text

 -  [ ] Complex text

 -  [ ] Scalar text

 -  [ ] Plain text

43) The term "CHAP" stands for __________

 -  [ ] Circuit Hardware Authentication Protocols

 -  [ ] Challenge Hardware Authentication Protocols

 -  [ ] Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocols

 -  [ ] Circuit Handshake Authentication Protocols

44) Which type of the following malware does not replicate or clone them self's through infection?

 -  [ ] Rootkits

 -  [ ] Trojans

 -  [ ] Worms

 -  [ ] Viruses

45) Which of the following malware's type allows the attacker to access the administrative controls and enables his/or her to do almost anything he wants to do with the infected computers.

 -  [ ] RATs

 -  [ ] Worms

 -  [ ] Rootkits

 -  [ ] Botnets

46) Which of the following statements is true about the Trojans?

 -  [ ] Trojans perform tasks for which they are designed or programmed

 -  [ ] Trojans replicates them self's or clone them self's through an infections

 -  [ ] Trojans do nothing harmful to the user's computer systems

 -  [ ] None of the above

47) Which of the following is just opposite to the Open Design principle?

 -  [ ] Security through obscurity

 -  [ ] Least common mechanism

 -  [ ] Least privileges

 -  [ ] Work factor

48) Which of the following is a type of independent malicious program that never required any host program?

 -  [ ] Trojan Horse

 -  [ ] Worm

 -  [ ] Trap Door

 -  [ ] Virus

49) Which of the following usually considered as the default port number of apache and several other web servers?

 -  [ ] 20

 -  [ ] 40

 -  [ ] 80

 -  [ ] 87

50) DNS translates a Domain name into _________

 -  [ ] Hex

 -  [ ] Binary

 -  [ ] IP

 -  [ ] URL

51) Which one of the following systems cannot be considered as an example of the operating systems?

 -  [ ] Windows 8

 -  [ ] Red Hat Linux

 -  [ ] BSD Linux

 -  [ ] Microsoft Office

52) In the CIA Triad, which one of the following is not involved?

 -  [ ] Availability

 -  [ ] Confidentiality

 -  [ ] Authenticity

 -  [ ] Integrity

53) In an any organization, company or firm the policies of information security come under__________

 -  [ ] CIA Triad

 -  [ ] Confidentiality

 -  [ ] Authenticity

 -  [ ] None of the above

54) Why are the factors like Confidentiality, Integrity, Availability, and Authenticity considered as the fundamentals?

 -  [ ] They help in understanding the hacking process

 -  [ ] These are the main elements for any security breach

 -  [ ] They help to understand the security and its components in a better manner

 -  [ ] All of the above

55) In order to ensure the security of the data/ information, we need to ____________ the data:

 -  [ ] Encrypt

 -  [ ] Decrypt

 -  [ ] Delete

 -  [ ] None of the above

56) Which one of the following is considered as the most secure Linux operating system that also provides anonymity and the incognito option for securing the user's information?

 -  [ ] Ubuntu

 -  [ ] Tails

 -  [ ] Fedora

 -  [ ] All of the above

57) Which type following UNIX account provides all types of privileges and rights which one can perform administrative functions?

 -  [ ] Client

 -  [ ] Guest

 -  [ ] Root

 -  [ ] Administrative

58) Which of the following is considered as the first hacker's conference?

 -  [ ] OSCON

-  [ ]  DEVON

-  [ ]  DEFCON

-  [ ]  SECTION

59) Which of the following known as the oldest phone hacking techniques used by hackers to make free calls?

 -  [ ] Phreaking

 -  [ ] Phishing

 -  [ ] Cracking

 -  [ ] Spraining

60) Name of the Hacker who breaks the SIPRNET system?

 -  [ ] John Draper

 -  [ ] Kevin Mitnick

 -  [ ] John von Neumann

 -  [ ] Kevin Poulsen
